In order to make sure our components get not destroyed, our dynamic components here, I can wrap this
component in keep-alive. So this is a new reserved
keyword, a new reserved component kind of into which I can wrap component and as the name implies,
keep-alive
now make sure that this component is kept alive.
So if I save this, it reloads, I go to new, increase the counter, I navigate away,
we don't see destroyed because it wasn't,
the counter is still there
and with that, we preserve the state.
This is how we can use keep alive to do that
but now you would correctly say well maybe I want to react to the fact that I navigate away before we
could use the destroyed lifecycle
but now that's no longer called.
Do we have our lifecycle hooks we can use?
Let's have a look at the next video.